If you could be invisible, what is the first thing you would do?
What is a secret you kept from your parents?
What is the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What is one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
Who is your secret crush?
Who is the last person you creeped on social media?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for?
What is your biggest regret?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever gone to the bathroom?
What is the most food you've ever eaten in a single sitting?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and which would be the first to go?
Reveal all the details of your first kiss.
What excuse have you used before to get out plans with a friend?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
Read the last thing you sent your best friend or significant other out loud.
What's your biggest pet peeve?
When was the last time you lied?
What five things would you bring to a desert island?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What is the craziest pickup line you've ever used?
What animal do you think you most look like?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is one thing you would stand in line for an hour for?
When was the last time you cried?
What's the longest time you've ever gone without showering?
What's the most embarrassing top-played song on your phone?
What was your favorite childhood show?
If you could be a fictional character for a day, who would you choose?
What's your biggest fear?
What's one silly thing you can't live without?
What is the weirdest trend you've ever participated in?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What person do you text the most?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
What is an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is the biggest lie you ever told your parents?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever experienced?
Which player knows you the best?
What's your favorite part of your body?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Tell us about the worst date you've ever been on?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
What are the top three things you look for in a boyfriend/girlfriend?
What is your worst habit?
How many stuffed animals do you own?
What is your biggest insecurity?
When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your biggest fantasy?
Do you have any fetishes?
What's something you're glad your mum doesn't know about you?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
Do you have a hidden talent?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What's the worst intimate experience you've ever had?
What's the best intimate experience you've ever had?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
What's the most drunk you've ever been?
Have you ever broken the law?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's your biggest insecurity?
Have you ever stayed friends with someone because it benefitted you beyond just the friendship?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made?
What's the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
Who would you like to kiss in this room?
What's one thing you hate people knowing about you?
What's the worst thing anyone's ever done to you?
What's the best thing anyone's ever done for you?
Have you ever had a run in with the law?
What's your worst habit?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in a taxi?
What's the worst thing you've ever said to anyone?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
What's the strangest dream you've had?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn't have?
What's the worst date you've been on?
What's the best date you've been on?
What happened on the latest night out you've ever had?
What's your biggest regret?
What's the biggest misconception about you?
Have you ever said something you regret about someone in this room?
What's one thing you wish people knew about you?
Where's the weirdest place you've had sex?
Why did your last relationship break down?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad date?
What's the most trouble you've been in?
When did you last have sex outside?
What's the worst thing you've lied about?
What's one thing you wish you'd lied about?
What's the best piece of advice you've been given?
What's the most you've spent on a night out?
Name a time you think you were a bad partner
What's your guilty pleasure?
What's one thing you only do when you're alone?
If you had to get back with an ex, who would you choose?
If you had to cut one friend out of your life, who would it be?
Do you have a favourite friend?
Do you have a favourite sibling?
What's the strangest rumour you've heard about yourself?
What's your biggest turn on?
What's the silliest reason you've left a club early?
What have you purchased that's been the biggest waste of money?
If you could swap lives with someone in this room, who would it be?
Tell me about your first kiss.
Who is the sexiest person here?
What is your biggest regret?
Who here has the nicest butt?
What are you most self-conscious about?
When was the last time you peed in bed?
Tell us your most embarrassing vomit story.
What do most people think is true about you, but isn’t?
What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a month?
Have you ever cheated or been cheated on?
What are your top three turn-ons?
What is your deepest darkest fear?
What is the most childish thing you still do?
What is something your friends would never expect that you do?
Who is the person you most regret kissing?
When was the last time you lied?
Who was the last person you licked?
What is the most embarrassing picture of you?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever broken the law?
Do you have any fetishes?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever said to anyone?
What’s the biggest misconception about you?
What’s a secret you’ve never told anyone?
What would you do if you were the opposite sex for a week?
What’s the worst time you let someone take the blame for something you did?
What do most people think is true about you, but isn’t?
What’s your biggest regret?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What is the biggest thing you’ve gotten away with?
Why did you break up with your last boyfriend or girlfriend?
What is the most embarrassing series of texts you have on your phone?
When was the last time you cried?
What’s your biggest fantasy?
Tell me about your first kiss
What is the most embarrassing thing in your room?
What was the most awkward romantic encounter you have had?
Do you have a hidden talent?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
What pictures or videos of you do you wish didn’t exist?
What is your biggest regret?
Who is your crush?
Tell me about your most awkward date.
What is the naughtiest thing you’ve done in public?
What is the most expensive thing you have stolen?
What’s something you’re glad your mum doesn’t know about you?
What is something that people think you would never be into, but you are?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What’s the worst intimate experience you’ve ever had?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
What’s the drunkest you’ve ever been?
What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What’s the biggest mistake you’ve ever made?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever done?
Who would you like to kiss in this room?
Where’s the weirdest place you’ve had sex?
What’s the worst thing anyone’s ever done to you?
What’s your worst habit?
What’s the strangest dream you’ve had?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn’t have?
What’s the worst date you’ve been on?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad date?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
Have you ever shit yourself since you were a child?
What is the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What’s the most trouble you’ve been in?
Who is the sexiest person here?
What secret about yourself did you tell someone in confidence and then they told a lot of other people?
When was the most inappropriate time you farted?
What is the scariest dream you have ever had?
What is the grossest thing that has come out of your body?
What is your favourite thing that your boyfriend or girlfriend does?
Who have you loved but they didn’t love you back?
If you starred in a romance, what would it be like?
What was the cruellest joke you played on someone?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have put up on social media?
What is the grossest thing you have had in your mouth?
Tell me about the last time someone unexpectedly walked in on you while you were naked.
What is the most embarrassing nickname you have ever had?
Describe your most recent romantic encounter in detail.
What is the weirdest thing you have done for a boyfriend or girlfriend?
Is it true that you (whatever you or the group suspects they do / did)?
When was the last time you wiped a booger off on something that shouldn’t have boogers on it?
What do you really hope your parents never find out about?
Tell me something you don’t want me to know.
What have you done that people here would judge you most for doing?
What is something that you have never told anyone?
What is the most disgusting habit you have?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
After you've dropped a piece of food, what's the longest time you've left it on the ground and then ate it?
Have you ever tasted a booger?
Have you ever played Cards Against Humanity with your parents?
What's the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Who do you think is the worst-dressed person in this room?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
True or false: You have a crush on [fill in the blank].
Of the people in this room, who do you want to trade lives with?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your worst habit?
Has anyone ever walked in on you when going #2 in the bathroom?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
Do you pick your nose?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever peed yourself?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
You’re in a public restroom and just went #2, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you drool in your sleep?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Who is your secret crush?
Do you think [fill in the name] is cute?
Who do you like the least in this room, and why?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
Who is the sexiest person in this room?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
Would you rather have sex with [insert name] in secret or not have sex with that person, but everyone thinks you did?
What don't you like about me?
What color underwear are you wearing right now?
What was the last thing you texted?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this room, who would it be?
Do you think you'll marry your current girlfriend/boyfriend?
How often do you wash your undergarments?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
Have you ever tasted your sweat?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
Who is your favorite: Mom or Dad?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you? Who would you choose to marry?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you lost one day of your life every time you said a swear word, would you try not to do it?
Who in this room would be the worst person to date? Why?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
If someone offered you $1 million to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what would you do?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn't? What did you do when you realized it?
What's the longest time you've stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
What's the most unflattering school picture of you?
Have you ever cried because you missed your parents so much?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
Describe the strangest dream you've ever had. Did you like it?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
What is your biggest fear?
Do you pee in the shower?
Have you ever ding dong ditched someone?
The world ends next week, and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.
Have you ever kept a library book?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don’t?
What children’s movie could you watch over and over again?
Do you have bad foot odor?
Do you have any silly nicknames?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
How many pancakes have you eaten in a single sitting?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
Have you ever watched a movie you knew you shouldn’t?
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (Live Action Role-Play)?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something? If so, what was it?
What is the most food you’ve eaten in a single sitting?
Do you dance when you’re by yourself?
Would you have voted for or against Trump?
What song on the radio do you sing with every time it comes on?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you own a pair of footie pajamas?
Are you scared of the dark?
What "as seen on TV" product do you secretly want to buy?
Do you still take bubble baths?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
Have you ever used self-tanner?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Do you have a security blanket?
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Do you like hanging out with your parents?
Have you ever got caught doing something you shouldn’t?
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
Have you ever had lice?
Have you ever pooped your pants?
What was the last R-rated movie you watched?
Do you lick your plate?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
Do you write in a diary
What is the worst date you’ve ever been on?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?
If you had to make out with a boy at school, who would it be?
Would you rather go for a month without washing your hair or go for a day without wearing a bra?
Have you ever asked someone out?
Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?
Who is the worst kisser you’ve kissed?
What size is your bra?
Do you wear tighty-whities or granny panties?
Do you ever admire yourself in the mirror?
Has a crush ever found out you liked them and turned you down?
Have you ever been stood up on a date?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done regarding your crush?
Do you secretly love Twilight?
Have you ever wanted to be a cheerleader?
Who is the hottest: Hagrid, Dumbledore, or Dobby?
If you could marry any celebrity, who would it be?
What do you do to get yourself "sexy"?
Who is your current crush?
What hairstyle have you always wanted, but never been willing to try?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve said or done in front of someone you like?
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
Who is your celebrity crush?
If you could change one thing about your body, what would it be?
Who was your first kiss? Did you like it?
Who are you jealous of?
If you could be another girl at our school, who would you be?
Would you kiss a guy on the first date? Would you do more than that?
Who are the top five cutest guys in our class? Rank them.
How many kids do you want to have in the future?
Who do you hate the most?
If you could go out on a date with a celebrity, who would it be?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, who would you want to be stranded with from our school?
Have you ever flirted with your best friend’s siblings?
Have you ever been dumped? What was the reason for it?
Jock, nerd, or bad guy?
Have you ever had a crush on friend's boyfriend?
Who is your first pick for prom?
What's the sexiest thing about a guy?
What's the sexiest thing about a girl?
What's one physical feature that you would change on yourself if you could?
Would you rather be a guy than a girl? Why?
Describe your dream career.
If you could eat anything you wanted without getting fat, what would that food be?
If you had to do a game show with someone in this room, who would you pick?
Would you go a year without your phone if it meant you could marry the person of your dreams?
You are going to be stuck on a desert island, and you can only bring five things. List them.
If you could only wear one hairstyle for the rest of your life, would you choose curly hair or straight hair?
You have to give up one makeup item for the rest of your life. What is it?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
If someone paid you $1000 to wear your bra outside your shirt, would you do it?
Who would you hate to see naked?
How long have you gone without a shower?
If you could only text one person for the rest of your life, but you could never talk to that person face-to-face, who would that be?
How long have you gone without brushing your teeth?
What's one thing you would never eat on a first date?
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
If you could be reincarnated into anyone's body, who would you want to become?
If you switched genders for the day, what would you do?
What's one food that you will never order at a restaurant?
What's the worst weather to be stuck outside in if all you could wear was a bathing suit?
If your car broke down in the middle of the road, who in this room would be the last person you would call? Why?
What's the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
What did you learn in school that you wish you could forget?
Is it better to use shampoo as soap or soap as shampoo?
If you ran out of toilet paper, would you consider wiping with the empty roll?
What would be the worst part about getting pantsed in front of your crush?
If you could only use one swear word for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
What's the best thing to say to your friend that would be the worst thing to say to your crush?
Who do you think is the Beyonce of the group?
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food?
If you had nine lives, what would you do that you wouldn't do now?
If you could play a prank on anyone without getting caught, who would you play it on?
What would the prank be?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift? How did you pretend?
Would you rather not shower for a month, or eat the same meal every day for a month?
What animal most closely resembles your eating style?
If you could choose to never sweat for the rest of your life or never have to use the bathroom, which would you choose?
If you could spend every waking moment with your girlfriend or boyfriend, would you?
Do you currently have a crush on anyone?
Describe what your crush looks like.
What is your crush's personality like?
Is there anything about your life you would change?
Who do you hate, and why?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
How many people have you kissed?
What's your biggest turn-on?
If you could date anyone in the world, who would you date?
Would you rather be skinny and hairy or fat and smooth?
Who would you ask to prom if you could choose anyone?
Describe your perfect date.
Would you ever date two people at once if you could get away with it?
You have to delete every app on your except for five. Name the five you would keep.
Have you ever sent out a nude Snapchat?
Have you ever received a nude selfie? Who was it from?
What was your reaction? Like or dislike?
Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Who do you think would make the best kisser? (List a few people for them to choose.)
Have you ever sent someone the wrong text?
Have you ever cursed at your parents? Why?
Who do you think is the cutest person in our class?
What is the most attractive feature on a person?
What the biggest deal-breaker for you?
How far would you go on a first date?
Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush's attention?
Would you ever be mean to someone if it meant you could save your close friend from embarrassment?
Of the people at our school, who do you think would make the best president?
If we didn't have a dress code, what would you wear to school that you can't wear now?
Describe what makes someone husband or wife material.
If you could make $1 million, would you drop out of school?
What is your worst habit?
What's one thing you do that you don't want anyone to know about?
Do you frequently stalk anyone on social media? Who?
what do you think of me and everyone else in the group?